Add a note about removing RN binaries from Electron builds (#2877)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/includes/note-electron-packaging.rst

.. note:: 

>     Current React Native binaries are included in the ``realm`` package. 
>     When you're using ``electron-builder``, you might want to remove 
>     the ``react-native`` folder from the build by adding the following 
>     entry to the ``build.files`` of your ``package.json``: ``"!**/node_modules/realm/react-native"``

Reviewer: Suggested edits:
```suggestion
    Current React Native binaries are included in the ``realm`` package. You can
    remove the binaries and the ``react-native`` directory from the build. In your
    ``package.json`` file, add a ``build.files`` entry and set its value to
    ``!**/node_modules/realm/react-native``.
```
